These are my ideas for the CYO Adventure:

    - Character profiles that can be accessed using passwords
        - Name, gender (affects pronouns), equipment, save data, etc...
        - Easter egg/ reference characters like Link, Cadence, etc...
        * I'll need to learn how to access files like I did with the bank project in C++
    - A timer system to space out dialog
        e.g. "Hi, what's your name?" (Wait two seconds) "Oh, it's " + charName
    - The story/environment should be similar to a Zelda game because that's what I'm familiar with
        - Foresty area, homely villages, maybe a castle, some farms, etc...
        - Dungeons to explore and find cool loot
    - Enemy encounters with turn based combat of some sort
    - Maybe I should split my game into chapters, that way I can build on it/ make parts.
        - Similar to Paper Mario in a way? Each chapter focuses on one unique area.
        - Prologue: Starting village, learn to fight, start on your quest
        - Chapter One: Forest area, cave dungeon
        - Chapter Two: Castle area, actual dungeon, maybe you got thrown in jail?
        - Chapter Three:
    - Start with a prototype! If it's not fun then the real deal won't be either!
    - Can you open your inventory anywhere at anytime? Or is it just in places you need it?

Concerns:
    - Do I need to make separate classes for things, or will methods work?
    - Story paths won't line up/ if and case statements might get confusing
    - Player inventory and how it'll work
    - How to come up with good names that aren't stupid

Character Ideas:

    Home Village:
       
        Your character
        Dad (Isaac):
        Brother (Simeon?):

        Smith: The village blacksmith, works on farm equipment

        Hank: The village guard, father of Toolee and Ronel, teaches you to fight
        * Hank's Wife
        Toolee: A young girl from your village, your friend
        Ronel: Toolee's older sister, rude, wants to move out

        Jordan: A young man from the village, recently married to Karina, looking to become a merchant someday but doesn't know where to start
        Karina: A young woman from the village, recently married to Jordan
       
        Hilly: An old farmer who runs the farm next to yours

        Jeff: The shepherd of the village
        * Jeff's wife

    
    Travellers:

        Wendel:
        Protrella:
        Maven:
        Reginald:
        Chase:

    Castle:
       * King Phadellius
       Princess
       Servant 1
       Servant 2
       Servant 3
       Butler
       Guards: generic soldiers
       Captain of the Guard:

Battle Mode Example:

    Oh no! A _______!
    Do you want to (1) attack (2) check (3) flee ?
    The monster tried to attack, and it did _ damage (enemyAttack - playerArmor)
    You tried to attack, and did _ damage (playerAttack - enemyArmor)
    No one missed this turn, but it could happen!
    You dealt enough damage and defeated the ______!
    You took too much damage! Game Over (Game Overs +1)
    You gained 1 slime, 2 meat, 1 apple
    Uh oh, your inventory is too full! What do you want to drop?
    *Use arrays for player inventory?

Major Choices Ideas:

    To leave the village or to stay? This would have an impact on your career.
    Do you want to be a hero? Do you have a choice?
    I think an open world game would be fun to make, but maybe the first chapter will be more linear.
    The story lines should be fairly similar, but the most important choices you make will be recorded and effect how things happen:
         Going to the neighbor village: 
            Deciding to come right away: The village is in danger! You have to fight lots of enemies, but you become a hero at the end. (Sets save to 0002)
            Deciding to come later: The village is destroyed, but the people have survived. (Sets save to 0003)
    Will the number save code idea work??? Yes! Use the charAt() method to detect the char in the save data string.

World Ideas:

    The kingdom's name is **Magdolia? Madogia? Mindagia? Moodloodloo**
    A long time ago, magic was wild and free, taking many forms: good, evil, morally ambiguous, etc
    There came a time when the kingdom was divided in two, and tensions were so high that magic threatened to destroy the land,
    turning it into a cursed wasteland, left to rot and harm any who was foolish enough to try and repair it.
    That was when _ significant individuals came together: the king, the strongest wizard, the lord of shadow, the rebel queen, the angry dog alpha, etc
    and they all decided to lock magic away into _ different artifacts. These _ artifacts each hold a type of magic.
    If they are all brought together, magic could be restored to the land, along with the risk it creates for the existance of the world.
    Going back to the significant individuals: they came to a peaceful agreement, and now the kingdom is at peace, and magic lays dormant, but still existant.

Location Ideas:

    Main village: Where the adventure begins, agricultural town, next to the woods
    Snivar cave: First dungeon?, in the woods near the main village, home to a clan of snivars who terrorize the village
    Neighboring village: The village closest to the main village, slightly larger, more monsters, likely needs help
    Cursed Battlefield: A historical battlefield that has been cursed by the clashing of powerful magic. This was what motivated the significant individuals to compromise,
     lest the kingdom become entirely like this marred battlefield. Strong enemies here
    Compromisial Collumns: Where the great compromise was made
    The Kingdom Central: The capital of the kingdom, where the royal family resides and forsees the management of the kingdom.
    Strange tower: A mysterious tower that appeared overnight, people don't know what's inside, but strange noises have been heard from afar...
    The Kingdom Academy: The most prestigious place of learning in all of the kingdom. Many people come here to learn various trades, crafts, arts, etc.. but this comes with a price.


Dialog for the game:

    Prologue:
        Once, long ago...
        